Dear Mukesh,
Greetings!
I hope you and your family are safe and healthy.
I am an ex-employee of Data Intensity, I am currently pursuing my M.Tech from Indian Institute of Technology Bombay. As IIT Bombay follows a strict 'Resume Verification Protocol', I need your little time to kindly verify few things which I have trained on under the guidance of you and Ora Talent when I was the part of this company.
Sir, with your verification mail, I will be able to write these things in my Resume and showcase my past skills to the employer in a better manner.
Sir, just for your reference, below is my employee ID when I was part of the organization. During my tenure, I was taught a different thing during training, and I worked on an entirely different technology. With this background, I request you to verify all the points kindly. For the verification purpose kindly share your employe details and some valid prrof also when you were the part of that organization.
Please choose to Replay all option while sending a mail 

Project Manager: Mukesh Gadidashu, Data Intensity [Nov ’2017-Sep ‘2018]

1. Training: certified training on SQL and PL/SQL, Oracle e-Business suite, Linux Server, Oracle Database 11i, 12R, Core DBA, Apps Dba under the guidance of Ora Talent.
2. PRODUCT OVERVIEW (FUSION DBA): FDBA is a shell scripts-based tool which was created to automate well known routine tasks: start/stop database, download/apply 11i and R12 patches, database health check, 11i and R12 clone and so on.
3. TOOLS: Used Atlassian tools like (Jira, Stash, Bamboo, Confluence), Bash Shell Script, Service Now, Oracle e-Business suite, SQL Developer etc. 
4. Expertise in SDLC and STLC concepts.
5. Having experience in Software testing i.e. Manual Testing as well as robot testing.
6. More than one year of experience on Fusion Dba Automation using Bash Shell Scripting.
7. Strong understanding of automation techniques and atlassian tools related to the SDLC such as Jira, Bitbucket/Stash, Bamboo and Confluence.
8. Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM) environment/team focusing on sprint by sprint deliveries.
9. Experience with JIRA Software for Development and Test Planning.
10. Utilizes STASH to help the team with all release and configuration related tasks around software builds into preproduction and production environments.
11. Utilizes Bamboo as continuous integration (CI) server to automate the release management for a software application, to create a continuous delivery pipeline.
12. Utilizes Confluence to help teams to collaborate and share knowledge efficiently.
13. Strong knowledge on database using SQL developer.
14. Strong, practical understanding of oracle database 11i, R12 and fad a good hand on RMAN for Backup and recovery, Installation, Configuration, Migration, upgrade, cloning, patching, Performance Tuning.
15. Utilizes Service Now to solve DI client problem based on fusion dba.



